68062 baseline enhancements again (#8052)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/release-notes/overview-2026/2026-05-releasenotes.md

* **Error pages** - Upload your own HTML error pages and assign them per hostname. Visitors see your page instead of the default Umbraco Cloud error page when your site is temporarily unavailable.
* **Baseline enhancements** - An activity starts when the baseline pushes updates to child projects.
* **Baseline enhancements** - Baseline update UI state is restored when an update is running.

> * **Baseline enhancements** - An activity starts on the Baseline project during the creation of a child project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Baseline enhancements** - An activity starts on the baseline project during the creation of a child project.
```

Pushing a baseline update to child projects will trigger an activity on the baseline project. The activity is non-blocking, but will run until all children are updated.

> The UI restores the current state of a running Baseline update when you navigate back to or refresh the **Manage child projects** page. This helps you track update progress, especially for large batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UI restores the current state of a running baseline update when you return to or refresh the **Manage child projects** page. This helps you track update progress, especially for large batches.
```
